Raycast Toolkit CLI Tool (#3)
raycast/script-commands: Tools/Toolkit/README.md

# Raycast Toolkit

[Raycast](https://raycast.com) Toolkit helps you to generate documentation for all script commands on a predefined or customized path.  

## CLI overview

```shell
OVERVIEW: A tool to generate automatized documentation

USAGE: toolkit [--version] <subcommand>

OPTIONS:
  -v, --version           Print the version and exit 
  -h, --help              Show help information.

SUBCOMMANDS:
  generate-documentation  Generate the documentation in JSON and Markdown format

  See 'toolkit help <subcommand>' for detailed help.
```

## TO DO

- [ ] Script validator command
- [ ] Create a script command

## Community

> This is a shared place and we're always looking for new Script Commands or other ways to improve Raycast. If you have anything cool to show, please send us a pull request. If we screwed something up, please report a bug. Join our [Slack community](https://join.slack.com/t/raycastcommunity/shared_invite/zt-hhzj9i4m-D5~HwnTRsJKrcZmVDJ4mkg) to brainstorm ideas with like-minded folks.

Reviewer: I created a redirect for the community. Let's use it instead of the hardcoded Slack invitation link.

```suggestion
This is a shared place and we're always looking for new Script Commands or other ways to improve Raycast. If you have anything cool to show, please send us a pull request. If we screwed something up, please report a bug. Join our [Slack community](https://www.raycast.com/community) to brainstorm ideas with like-minded folks.
```
